hey what's going on guys I just dynasty
back when you guys another grand theft
auto 5 online tips and tricks videos
tips and tricks video I guess you can go
ahead and call a tips and tricks video
because i will be showing you guys how
to get a vehicle that you might find
pretty familiar it is actually Trevor
struck that you can only normally get in
the campaign portion of GTA 5 it's
actually available inside GTA online
when doing a certain mission so if that
said it's going to walk you guys through
and get you Trevor struck so you can
keep it so you can keep it for yourself
so the first thing you want to do is
press Start when you're pulling online I
believe you gotta be over a level 15 to
do this to get the mission you want to
go over to online you want to go jobs
you want to host your own job after that
go to Rockstar created and then go to
missions when you go to missions go all
the way down to dirt road simply go
ahead and accept this job it should load
up pretty quick and this is really
similar to to the new glitch than going
around if you guys have seen into how to
keep vehicles of course off I'll
probably cover this tomorrow so you guys
look port of that so what you want to do
is simply just confirm the settings
there and just go ahead and get into the
game make it a close game too
by the way and go ahead and play it now
once it launches there's to be a dirt
road hence why it's called dirt road
exactly to the left of your spawn point
now on that dirt road is you guys good
to see is Chevy's vehicle it's like just
chillin there it's nobody's inside you
don't gotta rob it you're not do
anything you simply walk up to it and
press Y and it is there so tells you
you're still the math over to the right
but simply don't listen to that and go
over to the left so stiff you know if
you're just you know just in a mood to
run definitely would help out because I
don't think you want to walk for a good
two minutes so run your way over to the
truck and once you get inside open up
your map and you want to put your way
point where your garage is like for me I
have the 400 k garage so I'm simply
going to go I believe it's like in this
general area somewhere around there I'll
figure it out guys so what you want to
do is simply um go ahead and go all the
way over to your safe house and when you
get to your safe house it's gonna be a
while and I could speed it up guys so
I'm thinking I'm gonna speed it up me so
what do you know of course when you get
past you know driving the four miles
it's gonna take you against your safe
i'll simply put it inside your garage
walk out of the garage and end the
mission once you do that the vehicle
will be yours and as easy as that guys
it's not really hard at all it just
simply leave the vehicle in the garage
while on the mission walk out of the
garage and make sure the door behind you
is closed open up your phone exit the
mission go back and it will be in your
garage i'm not sure if you have to go
buy insurance to officially make it
yours i dunno it comes with a tracker so
if you have to go buy insurance go buy
insurance you can customize
really and all in all it's a pretty
sweet little little secret vehicle you
can get GTA 5 online so that said hope
you guys enjoyed please drop a like
please leave a comment and please
subscribe for more GTA 5 online tips and
tricks easter eggs anything in that so i
want to say thank you guys again for
40,000 subscribers and they'll the past
couple videos have been taking you guys
and i want to say thank you to wolf and
he knows who he is he helped me out
today with the you know the alien car
huh exploit that i have made a video on
today and I he helped out at least 40
people today and hopefully you people
who are watching that I thought I helped
out and got the UFO vehicle hopefully it
makes the UFO vehicle alien vehicle the
spaceship vehicle hopefully you guys are
helping out others like your friends and
people you hang out with and what needs
you do that make sure you tell them that
this is all courtesy of dynasty and
we're just helping out people in the
comment sections from that video thank
you again about you guys it would have
probably been indefinitely because it
does take quite some time so I don't
think we speed it up guys that you guys
have a point to you so simply go over to
your garage last but not least like I'll
just repeat myself so you guys get it go
to your garage leave the truck in there
and just simply walk out of the garage
exit the mission and the vehicle will be
in there fuck and I'll fast forward it
guys so jumbled like leave a comment
subscribe and watch on see you guys and
see what I'm gonna do so I'll see you
guys later peace
there
so
mm-hmm
I outside